# NSTB

- 国家交通安全委员会(National Transportation Safety Board, NSTB) 
- 官网：https://www.ntsb.gov/

## 历史

NSTB始于1926年商业航空法案，美国国会指示美国商务部调查航空事故的原因。
后来，这项责任赋予给民用航天委员会的航空安全局，该局于1940年成立。

1967年，国会将所有交通机构整合为一个新的美国交通部，并将NSTB建立成为一
个独立的机构，该机构隶属于交通部。建立NSTB是因为国会预见到一个单一的组
织，具有清晰定义的任务，将会更加提升效率，较之以往的单独的模式机构，分
别工作。自1967年，NSTB已在航空、公路、海域、管道和铁路，以及和交通有关
的高风险材料中做过调查。

In 1967, Congress consolidated all transportation agencies into a new
U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) and established the NTSB as an
independent agency placed within the DOT for administrative purposes. In
creating the NTSB, Congress envisioned that a single organization with a
clearly defined mission could more effectively promote a higher level of
safety in the transportation system than the individual modal agencies
working separately. Since 1967, the NTSB has investigated accidents in
the aviation, highway, marine, pipeline, and railroad modes, as well as
accidents related to the transportation of hazardous materials.

In 1974, Congress reestablished the NTSB as a completely separate
entity, outside the DOT, reasoning that " ...No federal agency can
properly perform such (investigatory) functions unless it is totally
separate and independent from any other ... agency of the United
States. " Because the DOT has broad operational and regulatory
responsibilities that affect the safety, adequacy, and efficiency of the
transportation system, and transportation accidents may suggest
deficiencies in that system, the NTSB's independence was deemed
necessary for proper oversight. The NTSB, which has no authority to
regulate, fund, or be directly involved in the operation of any mode of
transportation, conducts investigations and makes recommendations from
an objective viewpoint.

In 1996, Congress assigned the NTSB the additional responsibility of
coordinating Federal assistance to families of aviation accident
victims. While originally legislated to provide assistance following
major aviation accidents, the program has expanded to provide assistance
in all modes of transportation on a case-by-case basis.  In 2000, the
agency embarked on a major initiative to increase employee technical
skills and make our investigative expertise more widely available to the
transportation community by establishing the NTSB Academy. The George
Washington University Virginia campus was selected as the Academy's
home. The NTSB took occupancy of the new facility in August 2003. On
October 1, 2006, the name of the NTSB Academy was changed to the NTSB
Training Center to better reflect the internal training mission of the
facility.

1996年，国会给予NSTB额外的责任，即帮助联邦照顾空难罹难者家庭。

从此，NSTB已调查了132,000个空难和数千陆上事故。每天24小时，每年365天，
NSTB调查员走遍全国和世界的每个角度，调查重大事故，完善事实记录和安全建议，
只有一个目的：确保事故不再发生。NSTB的交通安全提升头条清单强调了DOT
modal管理、 USCG，及其它部门需要采取的最重要安全措施，预防事故、拯救生命。

如今，NSTB已经向2500受众方发布了13,000安全建议。由于NSTB没有管理交通行业
的官方权威，其有效性完全源于声誉，这一声誉获取自进行全面、准确和独立的调
查，给出及时、考虑周到的提升交通安全的建议。

- 参见：https://www.ntsb.gov/about/history/Pages/default.aspx